# Meta-SGD: Learning to Learn Quickly for Few-Shot Learning

* **Author**: Zhenguo、 Li Fengwei、 Zhou Fei、 Chen Hang Li
* **Abstract**: Few-shot learning is challenging for learning algorithms that learn each task in isolation and from scratch. In contrast, meta-learning learns from many related tasks a meta-learner that can learn a new task more accurately and faster with fewer examples, where the choice of meta-learners is crucial. In this paper, we develop Meta-SGD, an SGD-like, easily trainable meta-learner that can initialize and adapt any differentiable learner in just one step, on both supervised learning and reinforcement learning. Compared to the popular meta-learner LSTM, Meta-SGD is conceptually simpler, easier to implement, and can be learned more efficiently. Compared to the latest meta-learner MAML, Meta-SGD has a much higher capacity by learning to learn not just the learner initialization, but also the learner update direction and learning rate, all in a single meta-learning process. Meta-SGD shows highly competitive performance for few-shot learning on regression, classification, and reinforcement learning.
* **Summary**: We have developed a new, easily trainable, SGD-like meta-learner Meta-SGD that can learn faster and more accurately than existing meta-learners for few-shot learning. We learn all ingredients of an optimizer, namely initialization, update direction, and learning rate, via meta-learning in an endto- end manner, resulting in a meta-learner with a higher capacity compared to other optimizer-like meta-learners. Remarkably, in just one step adaptation, Meta-SGD leads to new state-of-the-art results on few-shot regression, classification, and reinforcement learning.
  One important future work is large-scale meta-learning. As training a meta-learner involves training a large number of learners, this entails a far more computational demand than traditional learning approaches, especially if a big learner is necessary when the data for each task increases far beyond “few shots”. Another important problem regards the versatility or generalization capacity of metalearner, including dealing with unseen situations such as new problem setups or new task domains, or even multi-tasking meta-learners. We believe these problems are important to greatly expand the practical value of meta-learning.
* **Keywords**: Few-shot learning, Meta-learning
* **code**：
* **dataset**：Omniglot、MiniImagenet datasets

