# HYPERNETWORKS

* **Author**: David Ha, Andrew Dai, Quoc V. Le *et al*.
* **Abstract**: This work explores hypernetworks: an approach of using a one network, also known as a hypernetwork, to generate the weights for another network. Hypernetworks provide an abstraction that is similar to what is found in nature: the relationship between a genotype – the hypernetwork – and a phenotype – the main network. Though they are also reminiscent of HyperNEAT in evolution, our hypernetworks are trained end-to-end with backpropagation and thus are usually faster. The focus of this work is to make hypernetworks useful for deep convolutional networks and long recurrent networks, where hypernetworks can be viewed as relaxed form of weight-sharing across layers. Our main result is that hypernetworks can generate non-shared weights for LSTM and achieve state-of-the-art results on a variety of language modeling tasks with Character-Level Penn Treebank and Hutter Prize Wikipedia datasets, challenging the weight-sharing paradigm for recurrent networks. Our results also show that hypernetworks applied to convolutional networks still achieve respectable results for image recognition tasks compared to state-of-the-art baseline models while requiring fewer learnable parameters.
* **Summary**: In this paper, we presented a method to use a hypernetwork to generate weights for another neural network. Our hypernetworks are trained end-to-end with backpropagation and therefore are efficient and scalable. We focused on two use cases of hypernetworks: static hypernetworks to generate weights for a convolutional network, dynamic hypernetworks to generate weights for recurrent networks. We found that the method works well while using fewer parameters. On image recognition, language modeling and handwriting generation, hypernetworks are competitive to or sometimes better than state-of-the-art models.
* **Keywords**: Few-shot learning, Meta-learning
* **code**：
* **dataset**：MNIST and CIFAR-10

